Fix 159 (#301)
knatten/cppquiz23: questions/307/explanation.md

According to the [dcl.fct.def.delete]¶2:

> A program that refers to a deleted function implicitly or explicitly, other than to declare it, is ill-formed.

Does `S{}` refer to the deleted constructor? That depends on whether this is value-initialization or aggregate initialization. In the case of value-initialization, the constructor will be called, but in the case of aggregate initialization, no constructor is called.

The rules for whether a struct is an aggregate are quite complex §[dcl.init.aggr]¶1:

> > An aggregate is an array or a class with no user-declared or inherited constructors, no private or protected non-static data members, no virtual functions, and no virtual, private, or protected base classes.

Reviewer: nit: I would quote this the same as in the standard (i.e., line-by-line enumeration) or provide the reference after this sentence in parentheses

Here, the `S` default constructor is considered user-declared, so `S` isn't an aggregate, and `S{}` is using value initialization, and the program is ill-formed.

> Note that this behavior changed in C++20 (P1008R1). Previously, a constructor that was only user-declared but not user-provided did not prevent a class from being an aggregate. So prior to C++20, this question did actually compile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this behavior changed in C++20 ([P1008](https://wg21.link/p1008)). Previously, a constructor that was only user-declared but not user-provided did not prevent a class from being an aggregate. So prior to C++20, this question did actually compile.
```
